village chief
Li Ergou is half buried in the loess
He's in his 60s.
and
The wives in front of him were beaten to death by him
He was sick.
You let Wenwen marry
Aren't you holding him back to die?
What do you think your daughter is good for?
I don't know how many men I've slept with behind my back
I guess it's also a dirty disease.
Isn't this dirty disease just right for the dirty disease?
It saves you from harming others, right?
Are you still human? You and I agree with what Li Qiuju said
Lin Wenwen can't even swallow it clean
Also dislike Li Ergou
Although Ergou is said to be an old woman
But the family conditions are not bad
After you marry him
You just have to serve him as an old man
You don't have to sell anymore.
As for the bride price
Take it out to repair the ancestral hall
It can be regarded as a little contribution to your ancestors
At the same time, it can also make up for the civil
The people's livelihood shows
Ok I promise
If I were a liar
I am willing to marry Brother Li
The dowry is all for you
But if Lin Yaozu is a liar
The three of you have crossed the sea of swords and fires together
And take out 200,000 donate to the whole village
Do you dare to promise?